UNITED STATES FED GOVERNMENT &
Monetary Crimes Division FBI Washington, D.C.
Federal Bureau of Investigation


ATTENTION TO THIS LIFE INFORMATION!

This is the last warning you will receive from me. This notification has been sent to you many times / several times, but you ignored it. I warned you so many times, and you decided to ignore my emails because you think that we were not instructed to arrest you, if you do not answer us with the payment details, then we will first send a letter to the mayor of the city, where you live, and also instruct the bank to close your account until you comply with our directives. Please note that all of your property will be confiscated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. We would also send a letter to the company / organization in which you work so that they can fire you until we finish our investigations because the suspect should not work for the government or any private organization.

Your ID, which we have in our database, has been sent to all criminal agencies in America so that they upload you to their website as an Internet fraudster and terrorist (suicide bomber). I will also warn people that they no longer communicate and are not friends with you. It would have been resolved all this if you received a CERTIFICATE FORMED AND PRINTED. I, Christopher Ray, Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), want to inform you that there is no more time to waste because you have received enough grace, so you were obligated to complete immediately as soon as you read this email if you do not want to be arrested. As stated earlier, in order for the document to be approved and stamped without any delay, you must adhere to these guidelines so that you do not finally blame yourself when we were to arrest and sentence you to life imprisonment. Please note that all of your property will be confiscated and your bank account will also be confiscated.

However, I decided to see how I could be useful to you because I would not be glad to see that you were in prison and all your property was confiscated because your information was used to carry out fraudulent transactions. I called the Benin EFCC (Commission on Economic and Financial Crimes) and they referred me to a private lawyer who can help you complete the process, and he said that he would approve and stamp the document for only $ 100, and I believe that this process is cheaper for you. You need to do everything you can to complete this process today or tomorrow, because I was informed by the Arrest Guarantee Office that the arrest warrant was prepared against you and was once signed by me as the director of the FBI, and then the arrest will be held in the next 48 hours. and from our investigations, we learned that you were the person who transmitted your identity to one of the impostor / scammer when he dealt with you regarding the transfer of some illegal funds to your bank account, which is a heinous crime.

We conducted an investigation and found out that you have no idea when the fraudulent transaction was made with your information / identity, and now your ID is entered into our database as a wanted person. I believe that you know that it will be a shame for you and your whole family. It will also be announced in all local channels that you need the FBI. Note. Contacts have been made with all crime investigation authorities on all these issues, and we will track and arrest you if you ignore this instruction. You are advised to pay for signing and printing the document today, failure to do so will result in maximum arrest, and finally, we will file a lawsuit against you. You will then end up in the WASHINGTON D.C. ADMINISTRATIVE AREA on charges of terrorism, money laundering, and drug trafficking. Keep in mind; do not do anything funny, because we are following you from our satellite.

Meanwhile, I asked on your behalf that this agency could give you a minimum of 3 days so that you can complete this process. Keep in mind that this is the only way I can help you at the moment, but if you do not comply with it, you will encounter the law and its consequences as soon as it hits you.

Please continue and pay $ 100 with a Steam Wallet gift card or iTunes card, feel free to approve the certificate today, because once this process is complete, the government will know that you are innocent and the reward accusation penalty of $5,000,000 will be given to you once confirmed your innocent

Note. As you can see below, all of these anti-crime agencies have been contacted in this regard, and we will track and arrest you if you do not follow these instructions. You were given 3 days to pay for purchases or you have to come now to the court for act of terrorism and money laundering, drug trafficking, so be warned not to try anything funny because you are been watched.


CC: Canadian Police Association
CC: Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)
CC: GENERAL INTELLIGENCE DEPARTMENT (GID)
CC: Asia Pacific Group on Money Laundering (APG)
CC: Egmont Group
CC: FEDERAL BURUEA OF INVESTIGATION (FBI USA)
CC: European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD)
CC: Financial Action Task Force (FATF)
CC: International Monetary Fund (IMF)
CC: International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO)
CC: International Banking Security Association (IBSA)
CC: International Air Transport Association (IATA)
CC: Institute de Formation Interbancaire (INSIG)
CC: World Customs Organization (WCO)
CC: Inter-American Development Bank (IADB)
CC: Offshore Group of Banking Supervisors (OGBS)
CC: WORLD CENTRAL BANK (WCB)
CC: NIGERIA POLICE FORCE (NPF)
CC: NORTH YORKSHIRE POLICE (UK)
CC: ECONOMIC FINANCIAL CRIME COMMISSION (EFCC)

Your Response awaited or You can contact me for personal talk on( myiphonemessage6@gmail.com )


FBI Directors Christopher Wray
THANKS FOR YOUR CO-OPERATION.   